
# LockedMe.com

Project for Java FSD Phase 1.

## Description

This application will
* Automatically create .FilesFolder/ to create/search/write/delete files from with 10 autogenerated files from File 1 to File 10.
* Show all files in numerically correct sorted order.
* Search a file.
* Create a new file.
* Add content to a file (create it in case it doesn't exist).
* Delete a file.
* Exit out of application.
* Handle invalid inputs.

## Usage

**During the whole usage of the program you don't have to specify the file extention .txt as it gets added to every query automatically as this program is designed to work only with files with .txt file extension for convenience.**

LockedMeMain.java has 3 options:
1. Show all files.
>Shows all the files (will not show folders, only files) in the .FilesFolder/ directory. Will prompt if no files exist in the directory along with the relative path of the directory. (.FilesFolder/ directory gets autogenerated when running the program along with files from File 1 to File 10)
2. Display menu for operations. (Expert Mode)
>Shows further options to opearte on files as shown below.
3. Exit Program.
>Exits from the program.

On selecting option 2 (Expert Mode), you will see further options:
1. Search a file.

    -> Enter the name of the file to search below.
    
    <- _fileName_
>Prompts whether a _fileName_.txt exists or not along with relative file path.

2. Add a file.

    -> Enter the name of the file to add below.

    <- _fileName_
>Prompts whether _fileName_.txt file got successfully created or not.

3. Write to a file.

    -> Enter the name of the file to write below.

    <- _fileName_

    -> Enter the text you want to write to ./FilesFolder/_fileName_.txt

    <- _Hi! I'd like you to remember this._
>Prompts whether the write operation was successful or not. If the _fileName_ does not exist, _fileName_.txt will get created automatically.

4. Delete file.

    -> Enter the name of the file to delete below. (Case Insensitive)

    <- _fileName_
>Prompts whether the delete operation was successful or not along with the relative file path.

5. Main Menu.
>Exits to Main Menu prompting the same.

6. Exit program.
>Exits from the program.
